dad yeah this election you are I don't
know no no yes yes how does that strike
you what's happening now you're you
you've come to this country or
naturalized you know I think I'm glad
that the framers of the Constitution
soil fit to ensure that the president
was someone who was captive a large ship
with a small rudder okay and there's a
limit to how much harm any given
president are you sure about that
oh yeah yeah yeah so you're not worried
about are you backing in either of the
candidates at this point try to stay out
of this situation because one think
that's the finest moment in our
democracy well given that it's not the
finest moment in our democracy do you
think the best thing is to stay out or
we'll see again in I'm not sure what I
what I got are you to hit off is worst I
don't know how much influence I could
have as as one person on the outcome so
I mean if I think I could make a
difference I would probably do something
but like I said I think I'm just glad
that the being the u.s. president is
like being captain of a large ship with
a small rudder and so there's just a
limit to how much good or bad at
president can can actually do obviously
if a president could make the economy
great there and there was like a butt
naked press there be pressing that
button at the speed of light so you know
that they did but they could do the
cat's I can't that can't just magically
make the economy good no president wants
the economy bad ever but they you know
like there's just limited to how much
they can do and yeah I guess there is
the nuclear thing which is yeah
and I guess there's the nuclear thing
yeah but I don't know I think I think I
think I don't think we would like just
arbitrarily low nuclear missiles yeah it
can do that I don't think so I mean I
think that he's now he's the commander
in chief I never done I still don't
think that means you can just launch
nuclear missiles or whatever you want I
think Congress would be like quite upset
about that and they might not be
consulted yeah but I think I think like
the military would be like yeah we
really think Congress should be
consulted off before you launch a bet
that might have preemptive strike are
you willing you're basing your faith in
that though I'm quite confident that the
military would not just you know
randomly agree to launching nuclear
missiles at somebody